Updating the Changelog.md and readme.txt for 13.3-a.7. (#36567)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/CHANGELOG.md

## 13.3-a.7 - 2024-03-25
### Enhancements

> - Blocks: "Earn" category renamed to "Monetize". [#36480]
> - Jetpack AI: When the response includes a title and post title is empty, use provided title as post title. [#36500]
> - My Jetpack: Trigger red bubble notifiction when a broken installation is detected. [#36449]
> - Newsletters: Reorder settings cards to improve hierarchy. [#36465]
> - Newsletters: Use radio controls instead of toggles on Email Settings. [#36532]
> - Sharing: Removed Like button from master bar. [#36456]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Blocks: "Earn" category renamed to "Monetize". [#36480]
- Jetpack AI: When the response includes a title and post title is empty, use provided title as post title. [#36500]
- My Jetpack: Trigger red bubble notification when a broken installation is detected. [#36449]
- Newsletters: Reorder settings cards to improve hierarchy. [#36465]
- Newsletters: Use radio buttons instead of toggles on Email Settings. [#36532]
- Sharing: Remove Like button from master bar. [#36456]
```
